Point at the book for run instructions (#795)
paradigmxyz/reth: README.md

# For Developers

## Running Reth

> See the [Reth Book](https://github.com/paradigmxyz/reth/tree/main/book) for instructions on how to run Reth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Reth Book](https://paradigmxyz.github.io/reth) for instructions on how to run Reth.
```
